# END PLAY Network (English/Английский)
[Russian version](https://github.com/profitrollgame/endplaynetwork/README_RU.md "Read on russian") | [Русская версия](https://github.com/profitrollgame/endplaynetwork/README_RU.md "Читать на русском")

First of all this page is made to help people report bugs and malfuctions on our Minecraft servers instead of making helpdesk for a couple issues only. We don't think that publishing ongoing server's source code is a good idea so it'll be probably available to everyone after server's release.

### History
Our project started as a small mini-games Minecraft 1.8.8 server in 2016. It was all about BedWars, had no Bungee and worked pretty bad. After a few year of experiments and studying we decided to create our own RPG server with quests, open world and lots of content. First versions of RPG were released during the summer 2018. After that we decided to move our project to 1.12.2 Java MC because of optimization issues. Development started that september and everything went fine. In 2020 server got it's brand new BungeeCord to support multiple servers running at the same time creating network. That was the beginning of END PLAY Network. During COVID-quarantine our team added new mode - Anarchy. For those who love 2B2T like servers this idea seemed great, but peak online was something like 3 or 4, but other projects needed a lot of time too. RPG development was frozen in June 2020th. Lack of team members and understanding how hard content creation is killed any hint of hope. Our new server "Towny" was opened to everyone in November 2020. A lot of stuff were added during the winter 2020 and now END PLAY Network is actively supported. Unfortunately **we can not promise that RPG will be ever released** now. Other servers became our priority fow now.
